My favorite video was the video titled “Visualizing Time in Temporal Event Sequences” because of the potential applications this could have in the medical field, as referenced in the preview video. To be able to include temporal attributes aside from event duration would offer much more insight into events such as abnormal patient wait times. This could be especially useful in countries where the existence of universal health care has led to problematic patient wait times. Displaying temporal attributes aside from duration would allow for easier viewer synthesis of the information being displayed in healthcare related data visualizations.

I also found the “Combining Multiple View Components for Exploratory Visualization” video interesting. From the preview video, it sounds as though this would allow for more interactive data visualizations. Personally, I find visualizations that allow for greater viewer interaction tend to be the most effective visualizations in terms of my retention of the information and overall impression of the visualization.

Lastly, I liked the “Visualizing E-mail Communication to Improve E-discovery” video for its ambitious promise of making corporate email investigation easier. As a student, emails have become a necessary means of receiving information about school, ranging from information regarding assignments and papers to events happening on campus, similar to the purpose of emails in the corporate world. I would be very interested in learning how the email information visualization methods proposed in this video would reduce the time required to conduct corporate email investigations.
